Testing Fragment 1 for: "Grit"
Raw text: {
  "bigIdea": "Success is not a byproduct of innate talent or a high IQ, but rather the result of 'grit'—a unique combination of passion and long-term perseverance. Angela Duckworth argues that our society is distractingly obsessed with 'naturals,' yet empirical data suggests that showing up consistently and staying committed to a singular goal over years is the truest predictor of high achievement. Grit is about stamina, not just intensity. It is the ability to maintain interest and effort toward very long-term goals, proving that while talent is how fast we improve, achievement is what happens when we take our acquired skills and work even harder.",
  "whyItMatters": "This concept is revolutionary because it challenges the 'talent myth' that often discourages people from pursuing difficult paths. In many competitive environments, we tend to overvalue those who seem to succeed effortlessly, labeling them as prodigies while overlooking the industriousness of others. Duckworth provides evidence that this bias is misleading. By understanding that effort counts twice in the equation of achievement, individuals who feel average gain a concrete roadmap to excellence. It shifts the internal narrative from 'I’m not gifted enough' to 'I haven't practiced long enough,' empowering anyone to pursue mastery regardless of their starting point.\n\nFor leaders and educators, the research provides a framework for cultivating high-performing cultures. Instead of recruiting solely for pedigree or raw intelligence, organizations can look for indicators of resilience and sustained interest. This is particularly vital in a modern economy that often prioritizes quick wins over sustainable growth. Teaching grit in schools or the workplace helps build a foundation where failure is viewed as a necessary data point in the learning process rather than a permanent state. This fosters a growth mindset that allows teams to navigate complexity without losing heart when obstacles arise.\n\nUltimately, the book addresses the modern epidemic of distraction and 'shiny object syndrome.' In a world where we are constantly pulled toward the new and novel, Duckworth’s research underscores the value of depth over breadth. It serves as a vital guide for parents raising children, athletes striving for the podium, and entrepreneurs navigating the difficult early years of a startup. By focusing on the four pillars of grit—interest, deliberate practice, purpose, and hope—readers learn how to develop the internal fortitude required to stay the course when the initial excitement of a new project inevitably fades.",
  "finalTakeaway": "Talent is merely a starting point; achievement is the result of effort applied consistently over time. To reach the pinnacle of any field, you must identify a long-term passion, engage in the uncomfortable work of deliberate practice, connect your efforts to a purpose larger than yourself, and maintain the hope that your abilities can be developed through hard work. Excellence is not a stroke of luck, but the accumulation of mundane tasks performed with extraordinary consistency.",
  "targetAudience": [
    "Aspiring entrepreneurs navigating the 'trough of sorrow' in their business journey",
    "Parents and educators aiming to build resilience and character in the next generation",
    "Competitive athletes and professionals looking to break through performance plateaus"
  ]
}
✅ Success! Big Idea length: 642
